hi guys welcome back to my youtube
channel today we gonna be doing a demon
from insidious I haven't watched yet the
movie that just was released last Friday
and I don't know if this is the
character that will be showing on the
movie but because is the character of
the previous two one I wanted to do it
so is the very scary demon I'm gonna be
recreating this as a way to motivate you
to go and see the movie as I'm going to
see it myself and scared the hell out of
myself by watching it so I will really
appreciate if you share this video on
Facebook and if you want me to be well
keep on so know how we do this makeup of
the evil entity from insidious tree and
watching so we're gonna start by
applying contact lens that will give a
very intense effect to the makeup and
then I'm and take my head up and use a
already useful copy to see we can reuse
it gonna be applying a modeling wax on
my eyebrows to create the volume I'm
gonna be needing to apply a little bit
of liquid latex on top to all the wax on
place and the semi outside pride on the
border of the ball cap and to manage the
wax and have it on my hands a hand cream
just something lubricate that can
actually help you to model in the wax
and then after I apply a coat on rubber
and I'm ready to start creating the
guylines I'm gonna be using a black band
so black anything that you have in hand
to create these kind of dimensions we're
gonna be using just two colors red and
black song and I'm just creating these
lines to see the debate in the division
the borders of both of the colors you
hate and need any help you can find a
picture on my blog Silva cadet blue calm
there you can
the picture and see exactly where these
divisions goes and then I'm gonna be
starting the plug applying the black all
over this Napa color all over the area
isn't gonna be showing also on the ears
and on the bald cap on the NAG
everywhere well I'm gonna be using a
bigger brush to cover more area and then
I'm gonna move to smaller brush to go a
little deeper into detail but then why a
tan after I play the red I'm gonna go
back once again with the fine brush and
really define all the lines
now we're gonna be applying the red
leaves you see on the back of my head
that is not all done because I don't see
me and myself into that area so I will
have to meet somehow when if you doing
this to somebody else you can fill in
the entire ball cap so no problem then
fill in everything and on
that's when I take the fine brush and
start lining the division to make sure I
have a more pure fine line something
Division time I say and then I'm gonna
be fine I need to be my my nose and
apply little bit of dark shadow
underneath of eyebrows to pray more
realistic effect last is gonna be to UM
add a black pencil on the waterline and
do a little bit of hair on top of my
ears to create that demon effect then
I'm gonna play some clothes of my hand
and paint it in black you should paint
anything that you're gonna be showing so
both of your hands Network and that's it
this is the demon clean cities track
three well guys I hope you like this
tutorial you will find useful to turn on
how to create and apply the ball cap and
how to create the Crown's and apply them
and also a little more details and well
guys I hope you like this tutorial
you'll find a useful information below
in the description below the video and
how to create a book have been applied
and have to create clothes and apply
them so I hope you like this tutorial
let me comment below tell me which
toriel you wanna see which character you
can see next on the channel and I
appreciate if you give thumbs up to this
video and subscribe so you can see all
my tutorials and you miss any of them so
thanks a lot spending some time with me
be happy and see you next week